\input texinfo
@c -*-texinfo-*-

@c %**start of header
@setfilename guile-basexx.info
@documentencoding UTF-8
@settitle Guile-Basexx Reference Manual
@c %**end of header

@include version.texi

@copying
Copyright @copyright{} 2023 Raven Hallsby@*

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.  A
copy of the license is included in the section entitled ``GNU Free
Documentation License''.
@end copying

@dircategory The Algorithmic Language Scheme
@direntry
* Guile-Basexx: (guile-basexx).   base16/32/64 support for Guile.
@end direntry

@titlepage
@title Guile-Basexx Reference Manual
@author The Guile-Basexx Developers

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
Edition @value{EDITION} @*
@value{UPDATED} @*

@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents

@c *********************************************************************
@node Top
@top Guile-Basexx

This manual documents guile-basexx, a Guile 3.x library for working with
base16, base32, and base64 encoding.

@menu
* Introduction::     Quick introduction to guile-basexx
* Index::            Various indices
@end menu

@node Introduction
@chapter Introduction

@menu
* Taken from Guix::  guile-basexx is taken from Guix
@end menu

@node Taken from Guix
@section Taken from Guix
guile-basexx was taken from Guix's implementation of
base16/base32/base64. This library is literally a direct copy from the
Guix source tree.  After discussion in IRC, Guix will keep using their
in-tree implementation.  This library is unlikely to receive frequent
updates, but Guix's implementation rarely received updates anyways, so
mileage may vary.

@c *********************************************************************
@node Index
@unnumbered Index
@printindex cp
@syncodeindex tp fn
@syncodeindex vr fn
@printindex fn

@bye

@c Local Variables:
@c ispell-local-dictionary: "american";
@c End
